[Music]
the other day these photos made their
way around the internet and they're
supposedly leaked photos of the upcoming
razor foldable phone or Motorola's like
new flip phone and it kind of confirmed
stuff we've seen before we've seen
renders and concept videos of this
particular device but because of the
recent Hardware issues that the galaxy
fold has shown it made me look at this
device more critically it made me look
at this in a completely different light
than I did before
because when I originally saw the first
kind of leaks of the foldable razor
phone I just thought it was you know
it's another foldable phone but now that
we know how fragile these folding
mechanisms can be it makes me look at
this Motorola product with a different
kind of interest so last year in the
fall there was a blog that showed a
Motorola patent for full dos screens and
with this particular patent when the
device folds up the part of the display
that's closest to the fold will curl up
a bit to alleviate some of the pressure
on that fold it's actually pretty cool
like on foldable displays you can't just
bend them right in half like a creasing
a piece of paper you can't fold them
completely flat there does need to be a
bit of a gap so a few weeks ago there's
a demo from sharp where they were
showcasing something really similar to
this design now this is just a display
demo right it's not a functioning phone
it's not a functioning anything it's
literally just a display panel but it is
an AMOLED panel and it's foldable but
this display uses a very similar folding
mechanism to that Motorola patent so in
my mind this kind of mechanism fixes two
issues that the Galaxy fold has so for
one because of this mechanism you don't
need to leave a gap in the device or at
least not as big of a gap as is present
on the Galaxy fold and the second thing
is that I don't think you need to have a
crease in the middle of the display so
one of the most noticeable
characteristics of the Galaxy fold is
that crease right down the middle of the
device when it's open but on this device
because of that curling mechanism the
crease doesn't seem to be as prominent
or at least it doesn't seem to be in the
demonstration and obviously we don't
know like what long-term use is like and
maybe the demonstration is using a
particular type of panel just to hide
the crease but it doesn't look evident
in that video
it actually looks cool to me how the
panel kind of retracts into the casing
to create that loop so my initial
impressions of this folding mechanism is
that it seems slightly more practical
than what we see on the Galaxy fold
there's just less stuff moving around
there's just less stuff that can go
wrong obviously we're not seeing the
internals here but just by nature of how
this would work
it just seems less fragile but folding
mechanisms aside it is a very different
phone from what Huawei and Samsung have
to offer so with the traditional I say
traditional but these things are all
brand new with the Samsung phone and the
Huawei phone you're taking large phones
and opening them up to even larger
phones like they're basically tablets
that can fold into large phones that fit
into your pocket but with the razor
phone you have a relatively large
display that folds in half to create a
more compact experience but even when
it's open
it's just a different type of usage
experience it gets a one-handed device
still unless you put it in landscape
mode and then it becomes this ultra wide
display that may not have as much
utility but folding phones are
definitely coming down the pipe and I'm
curious like where do you guys stand on
this would you rather have a phone that
opens up big to have a bigger screen
experience or a phone that folds in half
so it's a little bit smaller or just
screw folding phones we want the regular
slabs that we have right now but let me
know okay hope you guys enjoyed this
video thumbs if you liked it
subs if you'd love to see you guys next
time
[Music]